new cool colorful images of
that without a doubt is one of the
most interesting titles in the catalog
of the launch of playstation 4 and it's
that you already know that the next day 29 of
November in particular in Europe goes to
the sale nac
next to playstation 4 na what is that
adventurous platform silver title
animation title that the truth is that
it has been done with a lot of love besides
is a creation of the architect of
playstation 4 so it's a clear
demonstration of how far they can
arrive
with this new sony console and that
It is still at a very early stage
research topic in the hardware of
playstation 4 but nac is a good
example of great things that can be
make sure you do not fool your appearance your
timidly infantile aspect of this one nac
because the truth is that the title offers
quite this time you can see
all these new catches taken out
directly from the gameplay of the
own title where you can see that
graphic section those characters with the
that we are leaving
throughout an adventure that promises
be touching and we can also see
the different transformations of
protagonist of this nac nothing is a
classic platform title I repeat from
approximately 10 hours or
let's have fun for
while the title is also quite
rejugable even we will be able to play
cooperative way with our friends the
aspect of this title you already know that
good as you can see is the appearance
of the animation movies that
we are used to seeing in the world
of the cinema
I was born a title that challenges us to finish with
the different enemies and overcome
obstacles one of the titles I repeat from
launch of playstation four of the
most interesting from its initial catalog
They promise many sales next day
November 29 date on which map to
part of having playsstation 4 and
enjoy as dwarfs new console
we will enjoy graduates like scene